ChartDirector Version 7
Copyright (C) 2021 Advanced Software Engineering Limited
All Rights Reserved

************************* What is this file **************************

This is the common README.TXT file for all programming and operating
system editions of ChartDirector. It describes how to get started with
ChartDirector. 

************************* Other Information **************************

For license information, please refer to LICENSE.TXT.

For upgrade information, please refer to the release notes at 
http://www.advsofteng.com/release.html

For ordering and pricing information, please refer to 
http://www.advsofteng.com/purchase.html

*************************** Documentation ****************************

ChartDirector includes comprehensive documentation and plenty of 
sample codes and projects. 

The ChartDirector documentation can be found in the "doc" subdirectory 
under the directory where you extract or install ChartDirector. For 
ChartDirector distributions installed by installers, a short cut will 
also be created in Start/Programs/ChartDirector for easy access to the 
documentation.

ChartDirector documentation is available in CHM (Compiled Help File) 
and HTML formats. The ChartDirector distributions only includes one of 
the formats (CHM on Windows, HTML on other OS). If you need the other 
format, you may download from:

    http://www.advsofteng.com/download.html

           *** IMPORTANT NOTES FOR VIEWING CHM FILES ***

- On Windows, downloaded CHM files (including CHM files extracted from 
downloaded zip files), must be unblocked before they can be viewed. To 
do this, from the File Explorer, right click on the CHM file, select 
Properties, click the "Unblock" button, and press "OK". 

- Due to security reasons, the CHM documentation should be on the 
local hard disk (not a network drive), otherwise Windows may consider 
it to be "untrusted" and refuse to open it. 

- On some Windows machines, the CHM viewer may not support path names 
with URL reserve characters (such as "C++"). To avoid uncertainties, 
it is suggested the directory path that contain the CHM file should 
consist of ASCII characters only.

- For more details, please refer to:

    http://www.advsofteng.com/chmnotes.html

************************** Getting Started ***************************

After extracting or installing ChartDirector in your computer, the 
next and most important step is to read the Installation section of
your ChartDirector documentation. It will describe:

- how to use ChartDirector in your development system and/or web 
  server

- how to install and try the sample programs that comes with 
  ChartDirector

The sample programs are excellent tutorials and are very useful for 
exploring the features of ChartDirector. They are also useful for 
checking if ChartDirector works properly in your development system 
and/or web server. It is highly recommended that you try them. 
